because today I'm gonna have we look at
a new
kill tuna box 250 pound gets you the box
the years sub and a 250 gig hard drive
as you can see you get all the channels
you also get a we update there on the
right hand side of the channel of the
programs that's coming on
as you can see also looks more like sky
you get the seven-day EPG as well
so with this box as well you can record
one channel and watch the other channel
recording simple as well you can see
that we are their peers just like sky
you
you also get TS media which gets you the
latest movies on TV series on demand
well you also get is IPTV which if you
use it right can get you all the three
o'clock kickoff
now the quality on me
IPTV is not as good as the because the
box itself but it's for free
and where else would you get the Arabic
on all them other channels
again the IPTV will depend on your speed
of your internet because this part of
the box is all run by Internet and not
by your dish
there you go several channels and Fox
ESPN TSN to show while others there's
the ping channels where you get a three
o'clock kickoff you know absolutely
hundred and hundreds of different things
you control in this box
if you have any questions just some mail
we p.m. on Facebook Paul Young thank you
you